add a 'restart' action to watch attribute in the develop section (#423)
compose-spec/compose-spec: develop.md

`action` defines the action to take when changes are detected. If `action` is set to:

- `rebuild`, Compose rebuilds the service image based on the `build` section and recreates the service with the updated image.
- `sync`, Compose keeps the existing service container(s) running, but synchronizes source files with container content according to the `target` attribute.

> - `restart`, Compose synchronizes sources files with container content according to the `target` attribute and the restart the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `restart`, Compose synchronizes source files with container content according to the `target` attribute, and then restarts the container.
```

> - `restart`, Compose synchronizes source files with container content according to the `target` attribute. and then restarts the container.

Reviewer 2: I wonder `restart` actually also does a `sync`, and at some point we might want to introduce support for some "restart-only" action. So I'd suggest we introduce a more explicit `sync+restart` action - or any better notation, be creative ;)

> - `restart`, Compose synchronizes source files with container content according to the `target` attribute. and then restarts the container.

Author: I'm fine with this option let's do that 👍

> - `restart`, Compose synchronizes source files with container content according to the `target` attribute. and then restarts the container.

Author: Done! Thanks to both of you 🤗
